Sometimes, there's a man.
This aggression will not stand, man.
Where's the money, Lebowski?!?
It's uh, it's down there somewhere; let me take another look.
You see what happens?
Obviously, you're not a golfer.
Hey, at least I'm housebroken.
Hot damn, I'm throwin' rocks tonight.
You have no frame of reference, Donny. You're like a child who wanders in the middle of a movie and wants to know--
The Chinaman is not the issue here, Dude!
I'm talking about drawing a line in the sand, Dude. Across this line, YOU DO NOT--
Also, Dude, Chinaman is not the preferred nomenclature. Asian-American, please.
Walter, this isn't a guy who built the railroads here, this is a guy who--
Donny, you're out of your element!
That rug really tied the room together.
His name is Lebowski? That's your name, Dude.
Different mothers, huh? So, racially he's pretty cool?
Every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate the person?
W-wait, let me ex-let me explain something to you...um...I'm not Mr. Lebowski, you're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me, you know? Uh, that or uh, His Dudeness, or uh, Duder, or uh, you know, El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing, uh--
Is this a...what day is this?
I didn't blame anyone for the loss of my legs. Some Chinaman took them from me in Korea, but I went out and achieved anyway.
Oh, fuck it.
Oh, "fuck it"! Yes, that's your answer! That's your answer for everything. Tattoo it on your forehead!
Oh, that must be exhausting.
I'll suck your cock for a thousand dollars.
Wonderful woman, we're, we're all very fond of her, very free spirited.
Brandt can't watch though, or he has to pay a hundred.
I'm just gonna go find a cash machine.
Whoo! I'm slamming em tonight! You guys are dead in the water.
State of Israel. If you will it, Dude, it is no dream.
I didn't rent it shoes. I'm not buying it a fucking beer. He's not taking your fucking turn, Dude.
It's a fucking show dog, with fucking papers. You can't board it, it gets upset. Its hair falls out.
OVER THE LINE!
Smokey this is not 'nam, this is bowling, there are rules.
Smokey my friend, you're entering a world of pain.
AM I THE ONLY ONE AROUND HERE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES?!? MARK IT ZERO!
You know Dude, I myself dabbled in pacifism at one point. Not in 'nam, of course.
You're not wrong, Walter, you're just an asshole.
Calmer than you are.
Dude, uh, tomorrow's already the 10th.
That and a pair of testicles.
Mind if I do a J?
Shut the fuck up, Donny.
Life does not stop and start at your convenience, you miserable piece of shit.
I am the Walrus.
V.I. Lenin! Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov!
Well, there isn't a literal connection, Dude.
Are you ready to be fucked, man?
Yeah, well, that's just, ya know, like, your opinion, man.
You said it, man. Nobody fucks with the Jesus.
Eight-year-olds, Dude.
Dude, are you fucking this up?
You fucked it up! You fucked it up! Her life was in our hands!
Nothing is fucked here Dude, nothing is fucked.
They're a bunch of FUCKING amateurs.
We can't do that Dude. That fucks up our plan.
Aw, fuck it Dude. Let's go bowling.
WELL THEY CAN FUCKING UN-POST IT!
Saturday, Donny, is Shabbos, the Jewish day of rest. That means I don't work, I don't drive a car, I don't fucking ride in a car, I don't handle money, I don't turn on the oven, and I sure as shit DON'T FUCKING ROLL!
They're gonna kill that poor woman!
Where's your car, Dude?
Well, certainly that's a possibility Dude.
Phone's ringing, Dude.
Um, uh, papers. Just papers. Uh, you know, uh, my papers. Business papers.
My art has been commended as being strongly vaginal which bothers some men. The word itself makes some men uncomfortable. Vagina.
Listen, Maude, um, I'm sorry if your stepmother is a nympho--
That's why they sent me, I am expert.
He fixes the cable?
He's a good man, and thorough.
This is our concern, Dude.
Nothing is fucked??? The goddamn plane has crashed into the mountain!
'I'...the royal we, the editorial--
Look, man, I've got certain information, alright, certain things have come to light--
You know, h-has it ever occurred to you, that instead of uh, you know, running around, uh, uh, blaming me, you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, i-i-i-it- this could be u-u-uh lot more uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, complex, I mean it's not just- it might not be just such a simple, uh, you know?
What in God's holy name are you blathering about?
New shit has come to light!
I will not abide another toe.
You want a toe? I can get you a toe. Believe me. There are ways, Dude. You don't want to know about them, believe me. Hell, I can get you a toe by 3 o' clock this afternoon, with nail polish.
Far out. Far fucking out.
Hey, this is a private residence, man!
Ve believe in nossing, Lebowski, nossing.
I said ve cut off your JOHNSON!
Leads. Yeah, sure. I'll uh, just check with the boys down at the crime lab. They uh, got uh, four more detectives working on the case. They got us working in shifts.
Now that is ridiculous, Dude, no one is going to cut your dick off.
Say what you like about the tenets of National Socialism, Dude, at least it's an ethos.
And also let's not forget, let's not forget Dude, that keeping wildlife, um...an amphibious rodent for...um...you know, domestic...within the city...that ain't legal either.
That some kind of eastern thing?
The fuck you talking about?
Beaver? You mean vagina?
Oh yeah? Friend with a cleft asshole?
This is a very complicated case, Maude. You know, lotta ins, lotta outs, lotta what have yous, and uh, lot of uh, strands to keep in my head, man, you know, lot of strands in ol Duder's head.
NEAR the In-and-Out Burger.
Those are good burgers, Walter.
Not exactly a lightweight.
Some burgers, some beers, a few laughs. Our fucking troubles are over, Dude.
Oh, no. He has health problems.
Is this your homework, Larry?
We're gonna cut your dick off, Larry.
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU FUCK A STRANGER IN THE ASS, LARRY!
Well...I still jerk off manually.
You mix a hell of a Caucasian, Jackie.
All the Dude ever wanted was his rug back.
Stay out of Malibu, deadbeat!
Keep your ugly fucking goldbricking ass out of my beach community.
Bunch of assholes.
Oh, the usual. Bowl, drive around. The occasional acid flashback.
Fortunately I've been adhering to a pretty strict uh, drug uh, regimen to keep my mind, you know uh, limber.
Brother shamus? Like an Irish monk?
She's not my special lady, she's my fucking lady friend. I'm just helping her conceive, man!
Who the fuck are the Knudsens?
How are you gonna keep 'em down on the farm once they've seen Karl Hungus?
So what are you saying, when you get divorced you turn in your library card? You get a new driver's license? You stop being Jewish?
It's all a part of your sick Cynthia thing.
3000 years of beautiful tradition from Moses to Sandy Koufax, you're godDAMN RIGHT I'M LIVING IN THE FUCKING PAST!
You, you human paraquat!
What's this 'day of rest' shit? What's this bullshit? I don't fucking care! It don't matter to Jesus. But you're not fooling me, man, you might fool the fucks in the league office, but you don't fool Jesus. It's bush league psych-out stuff. Laughable, man! HAHA! I would've fucked you in the ass Saturday...I fuck you in the ass next Wednesday instead. WHOO, you got a date Wednesday, baby!
Fair? Who's the fucking nihilists around here, you bunch of fucking crybabies?
And, I would like my undies back.
No, Donny, these men are cowards.
Ve fucks you up, man, ve takes the money!
Yes, so we were informed. However, we must, of course, transmit the remains to you in a receptacle.
It is our most modestly priced receptacle.
Just because we're bereaved doesn't make us SAPS!
Is there a Ralph's around here?
In your wisdom you took him, Lord. As you took so many bright, flowering young men. At Khe San, at Lan Doc, at Hill 364. These young men gave their lives. And so did Donny.
Good night, sweet prince.
What the fuck does anything have to do with Vietnam?
The Dude abides.